                                                            http://www.evolt360.com/


 Quick Start Guide
Welcome to Evolt
We are thrilled to have you join our community of health-conscious individuals
dedicated to achieving their fitness goals.

At Evolt, we believe in empowering customers with the best tools and technology to
track and improve their health. That's why we are excited to introduce you to the Evolt
360 Body Scanner, a state-of-the-art device designed to provide you with
comprehensive insights into your body composition. And to assist you with the initial
setup of your new Evolt 360 Kiosk

With the Evolt 360, you can expect:
       Accurate Measurements: Get precise data on your body fat percentage,
       muscle mass, hydration levels, and more.
       Personalized Reports: Receive detailed reports that help you understand your
       current health status and track your progress over time.
       User-Friendly Interface: Enjoy an easy-to-use platform that makes monitoring
       your health simple and convenient.
       Expert Support: Our team of professionals is here to assist you with any
       questions or guidance you may need.

We are committed to supporting your customers on their journey to better health and
fitness. If you have any questions or need assistance, please don't hesitate to reach out
to Customer Support (support@evolt360.com) for machine-related issues or Customer
Success (education@evolt360.com) for any questions about results.

Thank you for choosing Evolt 360. We look forward to helping your customers achieve
their health and wellness goals with the Evolt 360 Body Scanner.

From the entire Team at Evolt
                                                             http://www.evolt360.com/


 Quick Start Guide
Getting Started
Following the initial assembly of your Kiosk and powering up of your Kiosk, your Kiosk
will boot to one of two screens
    1. The Control Panel, which has the words “Control Panel” top centre of the page
    2. Or the main login page, which features three buttons on the right-hand side of
       the screen with different scan options

If you are on the main login page, click on the Evolt360 logo in the top left-hand corner
of the screen to get to the Control Panel page

Get Connected
The first step in your Kiosk setup is getting connected to the internet. The Evolt 360
Kiosk will not operate on open or public Wi-Fi networks due to how we encrypt
customers' data for their security and privacy. It should be noted that some corporate
networks can have firewall permissions that block the Kiosk from accessing the
internet. See the Firewall Configuration guide at the end of this document for more
information

The Kiosk can be connected to both an Ethernet cable or Wi-Fi. Ethernet provides the
most stable connectivity; Wi-Fi networks can be used with the Evolt Kiosk however the
Kiosk needs to be in a location with strong WiFi coverage and bandwidth of greater than
50mb down and 15mb up at the kiosk. Note that Evolt will not support Kiosks or resolve
issues with Kiosks that cannot connect to the internet or have slow WiFi connections.
Because of this we recommend all sites have at least one location where a Kiosk can be
relocated too for remote maintenance, connected to an Ethernet cable, in the event
that WiFi is either not working or deemed to slow for our support team.
If you are using an Ethernet cable, simply plug it into the kiosk and press the “Refresh”
button on the control panel. If connected to the internet, you should see the Red Offline
status change to a Green Online status on the bottom of the screen. You might also see
the second line of text on the left-hand side of the control panel “Network API Status”
change to connected. If not, check your firewall settings

If you wish to use Wi-Fi. Firstly, ensure the Wi-Fi dongle is plugged into USB port 1, then
press the “Network” button on the Control Panel and turn the Wi-Fi on. Press “New
Connection”, select the network you wish to connect to, add the password of that
network, and press connect. Once connected and you return to the Control Panel
screen, press the “Refresh Button”. If connected to the internet, you should see the
Red Offline status change to a Green Online status on the bottom of the screen. You
might also see the second line of text on the left-hand side of the control panel
“Network API Status” change to connected. If not, check your firewall settings
                                                             http://www.evolt360.com/


 Quick Start Guide
If neither Ethernet or Wi-Fi connections are working, and the status in the bottom of the
screen shows Offline in Red; or if the Scanner temporarily Shows Online and then
Offline. Try connecting to Mobile HotSpot from a mobile phone or tether to a mobile
phone with a USB Cable. In doing so, it connects to an open internet connection; not
restricted by Firewalls. Note that firewall issue may also cause the Network API Status
to disconnect; seen on the left side of the Control Panel.

 If your Kiosk connects to a mobile phone, then review your network Firewall rules using
the guide below. If not, contact your Network Provider or Evolt Support for assistance.

Get Up to Date
Now you are connected to the Internet. On the Control Panel, click on the “Software
Update” button. Complete the process of downloading the latest version of the Evolt
Software. Depending on the speed of your internet connection, this could take 30
minutes to complete. Once complete, your Kiosk will reboot either back to the main
scan page or the Control Panel. To move to the next stage after a software update, you
need to be on the Control Panel page.

Signing Up
Insights@evolt360.com should have, at the time your Kiosk was delivered, provided you
with a username and password for your Evolt Kiosk. If not, contact your Sales
Representative or support@evolt360.com.

Once you have your username and password, on the Kiosk Control Panel, click on
“Operator Panel” and enter your username and password. The following page will
present you with further information. Please select either attended or unattended
depending on if you would like your machine to be password protected (Note: For
clarity if ATTENDED is selected; you will need to sign into the Operator Panel for each
scan. UNATTENDED keeps the Scanner on the Home Page; allowing anyone to sign in
and scan. EVOLT can turn on a pin code to lock the Home Screen if a customer
requests it to the Support/Insights Team). Select the printer setting of OFF, AUTO or
MANUAL. Lastly chose your desired volume setting. Once complete and you return to
the main Control Panel page, press “Refresh”.

Setting up a printer
Connecting a printer can be done either hardwired or over the internet. For a more
reliable connection, use the USB cable provided.

   •   Tap the Evolt logo to access the control panel.
   •   Select "Printers," then click the blue "Add Printer" button.
                                                           http://www.evolt360.com/


 Quick Start Guide
   •   Choose your Brother Printer from the list and click 'Continue.' Wait 5 seconds,
       then click 'Continue' again.
   •   Select the correct printer driver ("Brother HL-L2300D using brlaser v4 (en)") and
       click 'Add Printer.'
   •   Click "Set Default Options," then wait for the message to disappear.
   •   Click "Set As Server Default" to make it the default printer. Confirm the message.
   •   Click 'Back to Evolt Control Panel', press Refresh and then 'Start Scanning' to
       return to the scanning screen.




Ready to go
If you have successfully completed the above tasks, a red “Ready to Scan” button will
appear on the Control Panel. Pressing that button which will return you to the Main
Scan menu page and you are ready to start using your Evolt 360 Kiosk, Congratulations

Still having issues
If you are still having issue contact Evolt Support at support@evolt360.com or call

   •   Australia HQ: +61 7 5535 6277
   •   USA HQ: +1888-98-EVOLT (1-888-983-8658)
                                                             http://www.evolt360.com/


 Quick Start Guide
Firewall Configuration Guidance
To ensure the Evolt kiosk functions correctly, specific domains, IPs, and ports must be
whitelisted in the firewall.

1. Allow Access to Evolt Services (Domain-Based Rule)
    • Domains:
          o https://evoltactive.com
          o https://*.evoltactive.com
    • Port: 443 (HTTPS)
    • Reason: The kiosk needs to connect to these domains for essential services and
       updates.

2. Allow Access to Evolt Partner API Services (Domain-Based Rule)
    • Domains:
          o https://evoltpartnerapi.com
          o https://*.evoltpartnerapi.com
    • Port: 443 (HTTPS)
    • Reason: The kiosk requires access to partner API services for integrations.

3. Allow Access to 3rd-Party Check-in Service
    • URL: https://ipv4.icanhazip.com
    • Port: 443 (HTTPS)
    • Reason: This service is used for external internet connectivity checks.

4. Understanding Local vs. Web Services
Local Services (Not Affected by Firewall)
    • The kiosk runs local services on a Linux-based system, which the front end
       connects to.
    • These services use internal ports (not blocked by the firewall).
    • If the firewall is misconfigured, the kiosk will still detect local services but may
       be stuck in Control Panel mode if local services are down.
Web Services (Firewall Dependent)
    • The kiosk checks online status to enable certain functions.
    • If web services are blocked by the firewall, users may not be able to download
       updates or may be forced into offline mode.
                                                          http://www.evolt360.com/


 Quick Start Guide
5. Symptoms of Firewall Issues
Issue                                 Possible Cause

Stuck in Control Panel                Cannot reach local services
                                      (internal issue)

Cannot download updates               Firewall blocking web services

Offline mode only                     Internet access restricted

To avoid these problems, ensure the whitelist rules for domains and ports are correctly
set up.
